I turned to you then because
I know a big one for me
difficulty was with my pathetic
disease in public carriers
for homeless or port dismissed
a stay to find
hepatitis c diagnosed since 1998
accompanies me at the moment in the
treatment against hepatitis c because
which has a lot of side effects
the very violent side effects of
depression all the way to
perception disorders and so on and
the monitoring is not a little
bit talk to the doctor
psychologists and so on lead that way
a bit together and give me there
a great support and
Assistance at the beginning as itself
claassen have taken over two
years, however, especially first time
to arrive here and cause conflicts
to solve and even to understand
as well as limitations are due
to accept this from diseases and
to see what to understand for now
for him first to understand and to
accept what he does that it
in fact, there are deep problems
have to be edited around
get ahead
and then these are the goals he has
somehow on realistic on the
to put realistic ground around yourself
not always a success
to tinker yourself
the stuff over the years now
in an imprisonment time before me
came here
slipping dare debt settlement
a job a simple little one
Employment that we build is like
in a small group regularly the
week once binding the week
after all to go so are such things
simply as help position given here
and you can call if you need
That's a big thing if I am
Again, I experience that on
any case because it already has something if you
with somebody together with us
understands you well and not yours
partner is where the crisis comes from
if you have trend but that has
the very different if such a
friendship so to speak because
forms diverges
that will certainly be difficult already in the
year 2002 we have the
Batic also offers care
people with chronic hepatitis
open background is that too
this group of people is looking for
psychiatric illnesses affected
is and the medical treatment of
chronic hepatitis c for the
very complicated very concerned
is tedious and that these clients
in this time very much
need psychosocial support around
ever get into the supply
but also about the supply with ours
get through help
That's why we never have the decision
Regret meanwhile are almost 40 percent
all affected batic of hepatitis c
poppy infection affected